sup YouTube beach boy Jay Dixon aren't
you free here this video that I'm doing
today sure need exp it'll be a hosted
last night so yeah no it didn't go to
plan is only getting fired to 600 points
per kill so it's basically like a Search
and Destroy and domination but you got
unlimited verbs and you can capture the
flag but yeah really we should have been
getting a hundred thousand points pokeo
and poke capture so i dunno what went
wrong there anyway i'm making this video
just to let all of you guys know to say
thank you to all my active subs and all
my active people on my livestream at
twitch TV i'm going to be giving away a
hundred account for the mortgage zombie
save on meaning that you clown mudded
zombies without jailbreak without
reassigning and you can host yourself
money zombies offline and solo oh so
yeah and as well i'm going to be giving
away and 100 free XP accounts with the
most XP sable meaning that you can go
online and host yourself an XP lobby so
you don't need to reassign and you don't
need a jailbroken peers free so yeah i'm
going to be making them updated videos
very soon also i just want to let all of
you guys now i'm going to start making a
blog telling you what i'm going to be
doing every day so I mean so if you
don't know what I mean I'm going to be
making a video saying that today I'm
going to be hosting the effective of
mods men you'd and after that I'm going
to be hosting modded zombies and often
i'm going to be hudson XP lobby so i'm
just going to let all of you you know
keep all of you guys updated so yeah i
just want to give a shout out here to
unban mods HD i'm going to put his
youtube in the description i'm going to
give a shower as well to sonics HD i'm
going to put each YouTube in the
description i'm going to give it another
shot out here 2x GSC clan as well when a
lik NER YouTube up and i'm going to give
another shout out is that cooked TV and
I linkies YouTube are so make sure you
go and check all their YouTube sup guys
they're all awesome people so you guys
hope you enjoyed this video make sure
you wear off all the updates and that's
about it really helped me actually
subscribe comment like and favorite eyes
this video peace out guys
coming now it's done nice job team
got your the objective we love diaper
enemy five play ball